hey everybody I'm your project seaweed
comm staff writer Justin Joseph and
hopefully this time my volume isn't
unbelievably low and it shouldn't be
which is a good thing since I don't want
you blasting your speakers and waking
everybody up just to hear me anyway as I
promised at the end of my previous video
for a bully of scholarship edition today
I'm here to offer up the goods on an
interesting little Nintendo DS title F
gorgeous FM V's great voice acting and
CSI style investigation gameplay
intrigue you then insecticide for the DS
might be worth a try on the flipside not
everything else turns out so hot now
before I start you'll have to forgive me
for the lack of real-time gameplay
footage this video has our usual source
for material unfortunately has very
little respect for this game so you'll
have to deal with mostly cinematic
content nonetheless you're seeing part
of what this game offers and that's what
matters the most so without further ado
let's jump right into it insecticide is
not only the game's title but it's also
the name of the insect police division
that our star characters work for Chris
list and bear with me if I mispronounce
her name is a four-legged female bug
with a mysterious past and her senior
partner Rosie Carruthers has been with
the force for over 30 years the pairing
is responsible for investigating a
murder that's occurred during the
pre-production phase of a commercial
slated to advertise a new flavor of a
soft drink line company matriarch Quinby
is the one who phones in the untimely
event and it's up to you to help Chris
and roachie get to the bottom of it all
this plot isn't the biggest mental
teaser ever but it's trimming enough to
keep you somewhat interested throughout
the campaign at its core insecticide
combines elements of platforming
third-person shooting and
point-and-click Phoenix Wright style
investigation all into an amazing and
not so amazing 3d DS title visually this
game lies on two spectrums on one side I
have the utmost respect for the effort
behind crackpots snv's as they're the
most beautiful I've seen on the portable
not only looking exceptionally clean and
polished by
bringing in a road to life on the
opposite end the real-time graphics
leave a bit to be desired
I'll give the game props for having very
Admission environments but even then the
overall style and detail is dull and
bland and enemy designs are repeated far
too often this kind of quality range
applies to everything else - which is
why insecticide is such a mixed
disappointment and light of the audio we
have amusing and convincing voice work
that's heard during those FMV I just
mentioned and the music style is
actually pretty darn sweet however the
sound effects all around are nothing
special and then the case of those tunes
they're too noticeably looped causing a
strange sense of deja vu when going from
mission to Mission now for that game
play which again features a little bit
of a lot platforming third-person
shooting and investigating all take
place in this 3d insect world and some
is rather fun while the rest basically
isn't the first item isn't so bad I mean
it's nothing like mario or Ratchet and
Clank for sure but the levels are laid
out in such a way that makes hopping
from point A to B a standard experience
however a good number of locations force
you to make way across what I coin as
balance beams and thank to some spotty
code it's not surprising you've often
find yourself falling to your death even
from 10 feet off the ground
the shooter engine fares a great deal
worse unfortunately and it's especially
discouraging given how much it's used in
this game I don't know where crackpot
was looking for inspiration but the
formula they came up with just doesn't
work well Chris's y-axis rotation is
ridiculously slow even on max turning
sensitivity you can't really strafe
despite their big button and Styles
control modes and to top it all off
killing your enemies just isn't very
exciting because most would end up using
the buttons set of lock-on function by
pressing B so all you do is focus and
spam the fire trigger enemies often
spawn within 15 or so feet of you and
every time you do the same bloody thing
to take them out you shoot your weapon
jump or double jump to dodge the return
fire and simply wait until your
aggressor Falls this may not sound like
much of an issue but trust me
if you're hardcore about your shooters
insecticide will leave you scratching
your head
thus I arrived at the investigation
aspects which thankfully fared quite a
bit better while certainly nothing
complex which you should understand
given my Phoenix Wright reference it's
still cool to take a gander at crime or
crime related sequences to gather up the
necessary evidence for you to proceed
these sequences won't bust your brain
except for maybe an overlook or two
during the first major situation but
crackpot was creative enough to possibly
have you say Oh Nate once or twice
before all is said and done that's why
it's such a shame that it that the
platforming and shooter elements aren't
executed so well some flawed games have
features to fall back on but insecticide
really doesn't it's too bad really the
story may be relatively interesting and
the investigation mechanics are cool but
when the six to nine hours of playtime
make the rest of the game feel like a
chore which is a good 50% if not more
then you may be inclined to look the
other way I have scored insecticide a
six point two for project seaweed
since it's not a bad game but easily
nothing all that good either if you wish
to try this one out by all means do so
but don't say I didn't warn ya
so it's unfortunate that not all games
are destined to be triple-a but that's
part of what makes this job so
interesting and a little easier we take
a good deal of time reviewing games that
are great and less for those that aren't
so much so thank you for checking this
out and please take a look at my full
written review if you have a minute or
two it's been a pleasure as usual and
down the line look forward to reviews
for NHL o 9 condemned to bloodshot and
Ninja Gaiden Dragon Sword from yours
truly on behalf of the one and only
project co e calm until then have a good
one and I'll see you soon